how is this disruptive you find it hard
to work with someone interrupting well
you know how'd you like it if I called
security security I don't know you're
gonna make it in this business if you
can't take it you gotta be tough what's
happening here Toby Toby oh oh oh what
do you have her I can't believe her
that's where they do with hecklers in
Iran a heckle for a heckle
that man by the time she gets back from
lunch it'll all be forgotten huh don't
worry I'll find it
oh I thought I found the pinky toe give
me some ice get out of my way I gotta
get this kick your toes off
ah how about that Aaron so you know
which will be crazy about him did you
ever notice that he stood too close to
you and he talked no no did you notice
that he was completely out of his mind
that I noticed hey Jerry hey you know I
got a postcard from George in Paris
damnedest thing
it had a Florida postmark ma maybe he
was taking one of those triangle fares
yeah well I got the feeling that your
little friend was pulling a fast one
yeah see ya
here at bear claws please I am no man
Oh Jerry say I happen to catch you
coming out of Schindler's List the other
night were you here yes I was
that's a powerful film yes shocking
brutality don't you think shocking yeah
well that was nothing
hey there's no butter I wanted butter I
know but I don't like butter excuse me
but I believe you gave me too much
change gee thanks
my pleasure hey I just found $20 my 20
as I found it
hey I just threw it out the window my
dad George yeah like people really go
around throwing money out the window I
tell you this
something is happening in my life I did
this opposite thing last night up was
down our Black was why good with that
there was nine so you just did the
opposite of everything yes you're in the
bizarro world you every single decision
it's unbelievable
I have realized that my instincts are a
perfect blueprint of what not to do I
just threw everything opposite and I'm
infallible Heidi thinks nice night I
never dreamed that doing I I didn't
shave I wore a shirt with a stain on it
and I asked for extra garlic
deliberately yes yes
listen to this listen to this Hiroko
works for the Yankees and is going to
get me a job interview a front office
kind of thing assistant for the
traveling secretary a job with the New
York Yankees Hey plays hi Tina hi lion
so I've seen you in a while
Elaine we have a problem well what is it
you're getting kicked out kicked out why
Elaine you know I was in a lots of life
but I can stop money for four years they
never said anything well there's been a
number of complaints yeah like what well
like last Thanksgiving you bust up a
jewel face I didn't know who he was
that's what there's a buzzer well
apparently the week after that he buzzed
up some Jehovah's Witnesses and they
couldn't get them out of the building I
talked to them I thought they're pretty
interesting
what else you got well let's say Oh
annoying wind chimes feeding pigeons on
the ledge they're hungry Canadian
quarters in the washing machine Tina you
can't use them anyplace out you know
that works as much as the American Court
well they should be Tina they're exactly
the same size look watch out for the end
of the month please get out of my office
please get out please get out click it
out please get out
please get out please get out
well I don't think we should see each
other anymore
oh that's okay what no it's fine no
problem I'll make somebody else yeah
sure see things always even out for me
it's fine anyway it's been really nice
dating you for a while and good luck oh
oh I'm sorry
ah I'm Jerry I'm Julie nice to meet you
nice to meet you